The righteous Jiangbei touched the people of the Honglian Shanghui,
Are you living against the outside world? No,
Let me tell you, why did you suddenly miss me so much? Look,
Today is the king's day of great trouble,
I am accompanying the cat, so of course I have to come and apologize,
Your Majesty, what's going on with the boy?
Why did I hear him just now,
Use him, use him, he was a day ago,
After Yu Tian, ​​​​this guy came out,
No wonder it’s so long,
It turned out to be this trash from Yu Jia,
Stay with me, I actually listened to you stay with me for a long time,
The music emperor of young men and women
After my parents died for the second time
That piece of land was told to me after we could make the first move.
What's the point?
What a joke
I want to accompany my family to harvest the emperor
I never said anything bad
Allow your father to die
Taken over at a very young age
Nvjia's reaction
It was him who came forward
What will happen if the land is sold to me in the future?
Is there any problem?
Of course there is a problem
Poisoning people under the age of 10
Give him a magic child for his parents.
And my family also benefited from it
Can't thank you
No need to think of anything
In the midst of respect, Wu Lu accompanied the strong to seek death.
I don’t know who is seeking death at the beginning
But he was trapped
Just give you this skin-skin-skin-skin-skin skin
What skin skin skin skin do you take?
It's just a slippery slope
I don’t know who gave you a tour
Don't talk to him
You are a pig-skinned raped prisoner with fat skin
Fighting for the purple territory and your fattening
Interrupt the double lotus of my friend
the rest of your life
Spend time in parents' bed